[4.1.0] Updated information on BlackListedThreads Feature (#8295)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/observe/api-manager/monitoring-correlation-logs.md

!!! note
    Make sure to add it before `org.wso2.carbon.bootstrap.Bootstrap $*`.

!!! Limitation

>     The `BlacklistedThreads` feature is currently supported only for JDBC type logs. HTTP and METHOD level logs cannot be blocked using this feature. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Thread denying is currently supported only for JDBC type logs. HTTP and METHOD level logs cannot be blocked using this option. 
```

Author: Updated with the latest commit
